docs/index.md, before:

# Pallets Sphinx Themes

The Documentation for the Pallets Sphinx Themes.

The Pallets Sphinx Themes are a series of themes that are used across multiple pallets projects, such as [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/), [Jinja](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/), [Click](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/), and [Werkzeug](https://werkzeug.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/).

## Installation

The 4 themes are available as a PyPI package, and can be installed with:

``` console
pip install Pallets-Sphinx-Themes
```

Afterwards, you need to explicitly activate the themes by adding it to your list of extensions in `conf.py`:

``` python
extensions = [
    "pallets_sphinx_themes",
    ...
]
```

And set your `html_theme` to the desired theme. For example, if you want to use the Flask theme, enable it through:

``` python
html_theme = "flask"
```

## Navigation

After completing the installation, you can move onto actually setting up the theme.

```{toctree}
setup.md
```

Commit message:

Added some more Project Documentation

docs/index.md, after:

# Pallets Sphinx Themes

[![PyPI Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pallets-sphinx-themes)](https://pepy.tech/projects/pallets-sphinx-themes)
[![BSD 3 Clause](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/license/BSD-3-Clause)

The Documentation for the Pallets Sphinx Themes.

The Pallets Sphinx Themes are a series of themes that are used across the pallets projects documentation. The themes would then later inspire other Sphinx themes such as [Kenneth Reitz’s](https://kennethreitz.org) [“krTheme” Sphinx theme](https://github.com/kennethreitz/kr-sphinx-themes) (it’s the one used in his Requests project), and objectively the most popular one, the [Alabaster](https://alabaster.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) theme.

This package ships 4 Sphinx themes for usage:
- Flask
- Jinja
- Click
- Werkzeug

If you are writing an extension for a project, be sure to use the appropriate theme to make your documentation look consistent. For example, if you are writing a Flask extension, use the Flask theme.

## Navigation

```{toctree}
installation
setup
```
